Anyvite
  http://anyvite.com
  Anyvite is a free site dedicated to event invitation creation and group organization.

AwesomeHighlighter
  A company that provides a tool that enables you to go to a website and highlight information to save for later or share with your friends
  status: dead

Backtype
  http://www.backtype.com
  BackType is a marketing intelligence platform that helps brands and agencies understand the business impact of social media.
  status: exited

CO2Stats
  http://co2stats.com
  Helps website owners understand the electricity usage and carbon emissions associated with site usage, then helps them manage their carbon footprint

ContestMachine
  http://www.contestmachine.com
  ContestMachine is a web service that makes running promotions from any website easy.

Frogmetrics
  http://frogmetrics.com
  Touchscreen platforms for effortless data collection.

Ididwork
  http://www.ididwork.com
  ididwork is an online tool that allows employees to keep track of the work they do over time.

Meetcast
  http://meetcast.com
  Browser-based software that enables real time interaction, including sharing documents and images, screen sharing, etc.
  status: dead

People and Pages
  A service similar to Google Groups, allowing group organizers to manage email lists and publish to the web in one place
  status: dead

Picwing
  http://www.picwing.com
  Picwing is a photo sharing platform that enables users to share their photos through a variety of sources.
  status: exited

PollEverywhere
  https://www.polleverywhere.com
  The best way to create stylish real-time experiences for events using mobile devices.

PopCuts
  Popcuts is a unique online music store. Buy music. Make money.
  status: dead

Posterous
  https://posterous.com
  Posterous was focused on making blogging simple - as simple as sending an email.
  status: exited

Precognate
  status: dead

Scoopler
  http://www.justspotted.com
  The artist-formerly-known-as Scoopler is a real-time search engine.

Slinkset
  http://slinkset.com
  Slinkset is a white label social news platform that allows anyone to start a social news site and integrate it into their own website.
  status: exited
  hide_url: true

Snipd
  Grab pieces of enjoyable content from any page, save them online, and share without having to copy/paste using a simple bookmarklet.
  status: dead

Socialbrowse
  SocialBrowse is a Firefox extension for sharing links.
  status: dead

Startuply
  http://www.startuply.com
  Startup companies. Startup jobs. Jobs at the world's best angel- and venture-backed web, media, and technology companies.
  status: dead

TicketStumbler
  TicketStumbler is a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website.
  status: dead

UrbanTakeover
  status: dead

Vidly / Fliggo
  Vidly, formerly known as TwitVid (or Twitvid.io), wants to be the easiest way to share video on the web.
  status: dead

Youlicit
  A web content recommendation engine that leverages the wisdom of the crowds to return the most recommended sites related to a website or topic
  status: dead
